NAME
    Courgette - A story runner for Perl.

SYNOPSIS
    $ courgette features/login.feature

DESCRIPION
    Courgette is a BDD testing framework to write and run tests in the form of
    natural language stories. These stories describe features that are desired
    in a software package using scenarios which, in turn, provide a list of
    steps to explain how that feature in that scenario should work. These
    steps are codified in a way that ties them to Perl code, written by a
    developer, and it's Courgettes job to run the code for the steps and to
    report on their success on failure.

    See documentation in the executable and the modules for more information.

INSTALLATION
    To install this module type the following:

       perl Makefile.PL
       make
       make test
       make install

CONTENTS
    Perl script:
      courgette - Test runner that reads the feature stories, runs the steps
                  and displays test results and diagnostic information.

    Perl modules:
      Courgette
        Container for loading the scenarios and steps.

      Courgette::Display
        Interface used by the runner to display test results and
        diagnostics. This is inherited by modules that implement displaying in
        specific formats, such as plain-text or HTML, or different devices.

      Courgette::Display::PlainConsole
        Display module for displaying plain-text to the console.

      Courgette::Logger
        Logging mechanism for verbose logging.

      Courgette::Feature
        Abstraction of a feature's stories with all it's scenarios and steps.

      Courgette::World
        Module that defines the environment that the step files are run in.

      Courgette::Step
        Encapsulates the code refs that implement the steps listed for the
        scenarios.

DEPENDENCIES
    This module requires these other modules and libraries:

      Moose
      MooseX::Singleton
      Parse::RecDescent


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE
    Copyright (C) 2008 by Misha Gorodnitzky

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.8 or,
    at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.


